= Introduction =

This is a demo of a syntax highlighter done in C++/Qt.
The code is extraeamly non optimized, but it does work most of the time.
The class is very slow, so please don't use it on large files.

The syntax highlighter definitions are the same ones used by the gtksourceview library
for gtk. The difinitions are passed to a class which does the highligting. This means 
that the engine is not aware of what he is coloring, and adding new languages is as
trivial as adding new XML to the langs directory.

See also [QsvEditorBeta qsveditorbeta] for more information about the editor control to be released in the future.

= License =
All code is licensed under the terms of the LGPL.

The tests available in this release are taken from the Kate project.

The color definitions are self made, and released to the public domain (the
syntax is part of the kate syntax definitions)

The highlight definitions are part of the gtksourceview library:
    http://gtksourceview.sourceforge.net/

The idea for highliting the current line was discussed here:
    http://www.qtcentre.org/forum/showthread.php?t=456

= Get the code =

You can get the released tarballs at the qtedit4 downloads page: http://code.google.com/p/qtedit4/downloads/list


SVN/Last (stable) release checkout:
{{{
svn co http://qtedit4.googlecode.com/svn/tags/qtsourceview_0_0_2/
}}}

SVN/Trunk (uunstable) checkout:
{{{
svn co http://qtedit4.googlecode.com/svn/tools/qtsourceview/
}}}

== Changelog ==

QtSourceView - 18 Aug 06 - 0.0.2
 * Second release
 * Added 3 new language definitions from GtkSourceView: scheme, octave, changelog
 * Added 1 new original language: Qt project file
 * Several bug fixes
 * All examples are made with the designer now
 * Minimal doxygen documentation
 
QtSourceView - 22 Jul 06 - 0.0.1
 * First release
